OK, we're gonna kill these animals.
Good, now we just live in the town.
He says we fattiest people in the whole region live in in forks.
Altogether they earn 900 million ne vị.
We eat these animals on owned messes,
and depend on these wild animals.
Dat skateboard virtually all over Japan.
I can easily tackle my belts.
I can barely hear —
Kisako, listen up.
All this talking will cause you even more trouble.
But it's for the chant.
Single-coil interrogated already.
What?
He's not eating. He's out of his mind.
What happened?
I was menor Bora
Yohine improved so much, happened to be sitting in front of that table.
Humans are all about their own instincts.
They're all about their own instincts.
They say that the nightingale looks like a tiger, and the white-haired one looks like a demon.
But I'm not afraid of them.
I'm really jealous.
What if you're really jealous?
I'm not jealous.
Then why are you so angry?
Why?
I'm not jealous.
Come on, let's go.
Two people are carrying two bags.
No, they're carrying one bag.
They're carrying one bag.
The hillside is
The hillside is a spider's nest
What's this?
What's wrong?
I just heard that there was a big milk cow coming out, and I was going to kill it.
What, did the big milk cow kill your head?
Wait, wait, wait. I'll go and check.
No, it's not a big milk cow.
Why?
It's in the barn of the farmhouse.
It's a kind of kakegata.
Then, a chicken egg came out.
I was looking for it, and I got caught by your chicken egg.
What, a chicken egg?
It's a terrible, horrible chicken egg.
What are you talking about?
It's a chicken egg, of course.
You're the one who got caught.
You're talking too fast.
I said it too fast, and you're the same.
No, it's a good girl, but I'm not going to take it.
That's strange.
Why?
I'm the one who said it's a good girl.
I'm the one who said it, and I'm the one who took it.
It's boring.
I'm going to take it.
Listen, it's a fire, a wind, and a fire.
Let's go straight this time.
Okay.
It's a little long, right?
Where are you?
I hate you, it's strange.
That way, that way.
Thank you for watching!